Fix #19: Support replicates (#48)
JuliaStats/NMF.jl: README.md

- ``tol``: tolerance of changes upon convergence (default = ``1.0e-6``).

> - ``replicates``: Number of times to repeat factorization (default = ``1``).

Reviewer: This wording makes it sound like the factorization is repeated 1 time, i.e. performed 2 times. I'd suggest this instead:
```suggestion
- ``replicates``: Number of times to perform factorization (default = ``1``).
  Further replications are not performed once the algorithm has converged.
```
